docs: Standardize naming: use "GRASS" instead of "GRASS GIS" (#5644)
OSGeo/grass: doc/grass_database.md

teams, a centralized GRASS DATABASE would be defined in a shared network
file system (e.g. NFS).

GRASS Databases can be safely copied or moved as any other
directories. Don't be confused with (relational) databases which are
used in GRASS to hold attribute data and might be part of the GRASS
Database. From user point of view, GRASS Database with all its
data in it is similar to, e.g. PostGIS, database, as it stores all
information inside in a specific format and is accessible by specific

> tools. GRASS Databases is in GRASS often called GISDBASE or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools. GRASS Database is often called GISDBASE or
```
